BERTHING AGREEMENT

A. Subject of the Agreement

A.1. The private limited company under the name "MARITIME PROJECT I.K.E.", located in Benitses, Corfu, with Tax No 801515394, Tax Office of Corfu, as legally represented, which will be hereinafter referred to as "MARINA", pursuant to the 15.04.2021 Lease Agreement with the Municipality of Central Corfu and Interprovincial Islands.

A.2. Under this context, the MARINA leases to the CLIENT (whose details are mentioned above) the right to berth the vessel (whose details are mentioned above) and the right to use the facilities provided by the MARINA within the MARINA area, for the agreed compensation, in accordance with the terms and conditions mutually accepted by the contracting parties as outlined below.

B. Terms of the Berthing Agreement

B.1. Under this contract, the CLIENT does not acquire any ownership, possession, or occupancy rights over the berth, nor is the CLIENT entitled to exchange, sublet, or exploit the berth to third parties, with or without compensation. The berthing right applies exclusively to the specific vessel for which this agreement is made, in the berth designated by the MARINA within the MARINA. The allocation of the berth is at the sole discretion of the MARINA. The CLIENT does not have the right to berth any vessels other than the specified vessel. The MARINA is obliged to provide the berth for the CLIENT’s specific vessel throughout the contract duration. The MARINA may relocate the vessel to any suitable berth at its absolute discretion according to the MARINA's needs.

B.2. The MARINA reserves the right to berth another vessel in the CLIENT's berth when the CLIENT's vessel is absent. The CLIENT is not entitled to demand a reduction in berthing fees or any compensation for this reason.

B.3. Berthing Fees - Compensation: The CLIENT is obliged to pay the MARINA for the right to berth the vessel in the Marina, the agreed amount in Euros per meter of overall length, as determined according to the current pricing, as well as for any additional services provided by the MARINA. The table of berthing fees and additional charges for services for the current year is posted in the MARINA offices. By signing this agreement, the CLIENT acknowledges and unconditionally accepts this fee schedule. Any amendments to the fee schedule become effective upon their posting in the MARINA offices. It is explicitly agreed that the CLIENT waives the right to contest the prevailing fee schedule, which the CLIENT accepts as fair and appropriate for the provided services.

B.3.1. Short-term Berthing: Short-term berthing of a vessel in the MARINA is subject to the corresponding daily fees. B.3.2. By signing this agreement, the CLIENT explicitly agrees that extracts or copies from the MARINA's books, account statements, or a certificate signed by an authorized employee of the MARINA will provide definitive, binding, and conclusive proof, except for obvious errors, against the CLIENT regarding the existence and/or amount owed by the CLIENT to the MARINA under this agreement, including applicable interest on overdue payments mentioned herein. Enforcement procedures and any other judicial or extrajudicial procedures can be initiated by the MARINA based on the above evidence, including written accounts or certificates from the MARINA.

B.4. Duration: This agreement automatically terminates upon the expiration of the agreed period, which in any case, shall not exceed twelve (12) consecutive calendar months from the date of signing.

B.4.1. It is explicitly agreed that the vessel's stay after the contract period or after termination, following the terms herein, is prohibited and deemed unauthorized, subjecting the CLIENT to penalties stipulated in the General Regulation of Touristic Ports. Any stay of the vessel after the termination of the agreement cannot be considered as an implied renewal of the berthing agreement, subject to the following paragraph.

B.4.2. Upon the expiry of the berthing period, if the CLIENT does not inform the MARINA in writing about the extension or termination of the vessel's stay, the CLIENT hereby irrevocably authorizes the MARINA to unilaterally renew this agreement for a period equal to the initially agreed period, without the CLIENT';s consent, provided that the CLIENT has fully settled all dues from berthing rights and other services by the end of the contract. In such a case, the CLIENT fully accepts the prevailing service rates for the next use period, and the new Berthing Agreement is deemed evidential and not constitutive. Otherwise, the Agreement is automatically terminated as aforementioned.

B.5. Termination: The MARINA reserves the right to terminate this berthing agreement in writing at any time in case of delayed payment of two (2) monthly invoices for berthing fees and other services, or any other violation of the terms of this agreement and the General Regulation of Touristic Ports, as applicable.

B.5.1. This termination takes effect the day after the notification to the CLIENT, which can be done by any appropriate means, particularly via email.

B.5.2. If the CLIENT wishes to terminate this agreement before its contractual term, they must notify the MARINA in writing, with the effects occurring 15 calendar days after the notification. In such a case, or in case of premature departure, the CLIENT is not entitled to any refund of amounts paid to the MARINA, which will be forfeited as a penalty for early termination or departure. In case the CLIENT wishes to discontinue the berthing of the vessel, they are obliged, before departure by sea or land, to settle all outstanding invoices. Otherwise, the MARINA reserves the right to refuse the vessel's exit from the MARINA.

B.6. CLIENT Obligations. The CLIENT is solely responsible for the docking, undocking, mooring, shifting, berthing, and overall stay and presence of the vessel at the location designated by the Marina Management, and is required to comply with all rules and terms stated in the General Operating Regulations of Tourist Ports, which the CLIENT declares they are aware of and explicitly and unreservedly accept.

B.6.1. The CLIENT is obligated to have in effect and present upon arrival at the Marina, and display upon any request to the Marina Management, all original maritime documents of the vessel, the All-Risk Insurance Policy of the vessel, including Third-Party Liability. In the event these documents are not presented, the MARINA reserves the right to refuse berthing of the vessel and to demand its immediate departure from the MARINA's premises.

B.6.2. The CLIENT is responsible for any damage caused to any other vessel or MARINA facility during the vessel’s entry, exit, and stay at the MARINA.

B.6.3. Berthing fees are prepaid. This prepayment will cover at least the amount of one month's berthing invoice. Payment of berthing fees and other provided services is made in Euros.

B.6.4. The CLIENT is required to settle invoices, which include the prepayment of monthly berthing fees plus applicable VAT (if required), as well as charges for provided services and facilities (such as electricity, water, etc.) as they are currently in effect, within five (5) days from their issuance and transmission to the CLIENT via email to the email address provided by the CLIENT; otherwise, the CLIENT will incur the statutory interest for overdue payments.

B.6.5. It is explicitly agreed that a delay in the payment of berthing fees and consumption charges for electricity and water beyond two (2) months gives the MARINA the right, after sending an informational email to the email address provided by the CLIENT, to terminate the contract and consider the vessel's continued stay at the MARINA unauthorized. This results in the hauling out of the vessel, at the CLIENT’s expense, and its placement in a terrestrial area of the MARINA, as well as the CLIENT being charged, for each day of further stay of the vessel and until its definitive removal from the MARINA, a reasonable use fee amounting to 1/30 of the last monthly berthing invoice of the vessel, increased by 100% as a penalty which the CLIENT explicitly acknowledges and accepts herein.

B.6.6. Delay in the payment of berthing fees or other services grants the MARINA the right to discontinue all possibly provided services and discounts as well as to amend the discount billing/charge of the vessel.

B.6.7. In the event of the CLIENT’s non-compliance with their financial obligations: 
(i) The MARINA has the right not to provide electronic cards for electricity and water, without any responsibility for any damage that may result to the vessel from this reason. 
(ii) The MARINA has the right to cancel all parking cards and deny vehicle access to the MARINA premises.

B.6.8. The CLIENT is obligated to immediately and in writing inform the MARINA of any change in their representation and contact details listed above. It is explicitly agreed and accepted that all communication with the CLIENT and the invoices will be sent via email to the email address provided by the CLIENT, and it will be presumed that the CLIENT has received notice of the invoice issuance, expressly waiving any related objections since it is the CLIENT’s exclusive responsibility to notify of their current address.

B.6.9. The CLIENT is obligated to immediately and in writing inform the MARINA in case of a change in the vessel's ownership. In the event of a delay in notification, the previous owner is jointly and severally liable with the new owner for the vessel’s debts to the MARINA. The new Owner does not enter into the berthing contract of their predecessor.

B.6.10. In case, on the date of the sale of the berthed vessel, the seller has outstanding debts to the MARINA, the buyer becomes jointly and severally liable for the owed amount.

B.6.11. In the case where the CLIENT is a foreign natural or legal person, they are required to appoint a representative in Greece for all legal notifications. 
B.7. Works. All kinds of repair or maintenance works within the MARINA areas (sea and land) are strictly prohibited, as well as the stay of any person within the wintering area of the vessels. Only cleaning, washing, and polishing works of the vessel are allowed to be performed by the CLIENT or the permanent crew of the vessel (based on the Ship's Register). These works must be limited to those that do not cause pollution to the MARINA's environment (sea or land), with the use of flames being expressly prohibited in all cases. In the event of any breach of this prohibition, the MARINA bears no liability.

B.8. Final Provisions. The right of berthing is not personal but pertains exclusively to the berthing of the specific vessel described above and for which this agreement is signed, and is valid for the agreed period as long as the vessel remains owned by the same owner – CLIENT.

B.8.1. It is explicitly agreed that the MARINA bears no liability for any bodily harm to the CLIENT and their assigns, crew members, passengers, and visitors of the vessel, nor for any damage, loss, or destruction to the vessel itself, its annexes, components, or the property of the above persons both on the vessel and in any MARINA area (land or sea), including vehicles, due to any cause, especially in cases of force majeure. The CLIENT bears exclusive responsibility for the above.

B.8.2. The MARINA is not liable for any damage that may be caused to berthed vessels due to adverse weather conditions or force majeure. In the event of total or partial sinking or damage to the vessel within the MARINA, the CLIENT irrevocably grants the MARINA the right to transfer the vessel, with their means and at the CLIENT’s expense, to a suitable area of their choice, within or outside the Marina. It is understood that other provisions of the law on shipwrecks remain applicable.

B.8.3. This contract is complete and constitutes the only agreement between the MARINA and the CLIENT, prevailing over any previous written or verbal agreement or communication with the MARINA or its predecessors. The non-exercise or partial exercise by the MARINA of any right arising from this relationship with the CLIENT cannot be considered a waiver of that right, nor does it preclude its future exercise. All terms of this contract are agreed to be essential, and the breach of any of them constitutes a substantial reason for the termination of the vessel's Berthing Agreement.

B.8.4. Applicable Law – Jurisdiction – Notifications. The competent Courts for resolving any disputes that may arise between the CLIENT and the MARINA from this or any other cause related to the berthing of the vessel are the Courts of the city of Athens. Any dispute between the parties concerning the interpretation or application of the terms of this agreement shall be resolved in accordance with Greek Law. In case of any discrepancy between the Greek and foreign language text, the Greek text shall prevail. It is explicitly agreed that all communications from the MARINA to the CLIENT and the sending of invoices will be validly made to the email address provided by the CLIENT above.

B.8.5. Personal Data. For the purpose of executing its contracts with its counterparties, the MARINA maintains and processes a file with their data. The CLIENT declares that they have been informed about the use and processing of personal data by the MARINA and fully accept it.
